you're lying i swear to you i'm not
lying i'm not well
i'm okay i'm lying a little bit but i'm
a producer that's what i do
and i will have your money in full i
promise you you got seven to two hours
after that i choked you to death
come on i'm not an idiot you haven't
painted the most accurate portrait of
our investor
all right we've been in trouble before
we always find a way out
it's all over the street you need money
why don't you guys come by this set
frank pierce is gonna be there excuse me
mr pierce i'm so sorry bother you i hit
your autograph
frank pierce was insured for five
million dollars to scum baby he doesn't
shoot a frame of film and he makes
five million dollars well how would you
felt it and all you had to show for it
was a lousy insurance check
look i got us cam what do you mean a
scam we make it look like we're actually
gonna be putting together a movie
we heavily insured a star who'll do his
own stunts
montana yeah that's duke montana what
are you doing duke montana come on daily
game russian relax
you are perfect for this particular part
i really connected to the story yeah but
duke it's like western you know it's
very masculine
congratulations
bang we kill him in a stunt he's dead
and then we're rich
we're rich
duke montana if he were alive right now
i know he would be saying
where's that damn horse here duke
my god you're alive you don't know this
guy he's got like nine lives
it's not that hard to kill somebody
we're shooting this fantastic roper's
scene
it's gonna be a real killer do one for
you i'd be six foot under up on boot
hill right
these people are ready to die for you
that's the best choice
what kind of a human being are you well
i'm a producer
[Music]
how is it a guy making a million dollar
movie don't have a better car
i don't believe in ostentatious
flamboyance now